Update Documentation around JSON parsing behavior in Transformation Templates (#7543)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/traffic_management/request_processing/transformations/_index.md

Let's go ahead and describe each one of these attributes in detail.

##### Body Parsing Behavior

> {{% notice warning %}}
> Please note that the default behavior of the `transformationTemplate` is to parse the request/response body as JSON, depending on whether you have configured a `requestTransformation` or `responseTransformation`
> 
> By default, if Gloo Edge fails to parse the request/response body as JSON, it will return a `400 Bad Request` error.
> 
> If you want to skip this behavior, you can:
> 1. Set the [`parseBodyBehavior`](#parsebodybehavior) attribute to `DontParse`. This will cause the body to be treated as plain text, and will not be parsed.
> 1. Set the [`ignoreErrorOnParse`](#ignoreerroronparse) attribute to `true`. This will cause the body to be parsed as JSON, but will not return an error if the body is not valid JSON. 
> 2. Enable [`passthrough`](#passthrough). This will skip any body buffering completely
> {{% /notice %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% notice warning %}}
By default, `transformationTemplate` parses the request/response body as JSON, depending on whether you configure a `requestTransformation` or `responseTransformation`. If Gloo Edge fails to parse the request/response body as JSON, it returns a `400 Bad Request` error.

If you want to skip this behavior, you can:
* Set the [`parseBodyBehavior`](#parsebodybehavior) attribute to `DontParse`. Edge treats the body as plain text and does not parse it.
* Set the [`ignoreErrorOnParse`](#ignoreerroronparse) attribute to `true`. Edge parses the body as JSON, but does not return an error if the body is not valid JSON.
* Enable [`passthrough`](#passthrough). Edge does not parse the body.
{{% /notice %}}
```
